# Educational SaaS Dashboard

## Overview

The Educational SaaS Dashboard is a web-based platform designed to facilitate the creation and management of educational quizzes, similar to popular platforms like Kahoot or iSpring. This dashboard provides a user-friendly interface for instructors to create various types of quiz questions and for students to engage with the quizzes.


### Video demo: 

- **Question generated by OpenAI function integration** [Question generate](https://github.com/thanhhoa214/learning/blob/main/eduviet/demo/question-generate.mp4)
- **Crossword game layout by the self-made algorithm** [Crossword](https://github.com/thanhhoa214/learning/blob/main/eduviet/demo/crossword-game.mp4)


## Features

- **Quiz Creation**: Easily create quizzes with support for various question types.
- **Question Types**: Supports 14 types of quiz questions, including Multiple-Choice, Multiple Response, True or False, and more.
- **Interactive Interface**: Engaging interface for both instructors and students.
- **Scalable**: Designed to handle a large number of users and quizzes.
- **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop and mobile devices.

## Supported Question Types

1. Multiple Choice
2. Multiple Response
3. True or False
4. Fill in the Blanks
5. Matching
6. Drag and Drop
7. Short Answer
8. Essay
9. Numeric
10. Dropdown
11. Likert Scale
12. Rating Scale
13. Hotspot
14. Sequencing

## Technologies Used

- Frontend: NextJS, Tailwind CSS
- Backend: NextJS Functions
- Database: PostgreSQL
- ORM: Prisma

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Docker

### Running
1. Copy the `.env.local.example` and name `.env.local` then filling variables

2. Run command
```bash
docker compose up
```
